John Price
CST236
Lab 1 Writeup
What was the hardest part of this lab?
I think the part that I had the most difficulty with is using Git without using the GUI I already have installed.  I detest using command line due to 
needing to memorize lots of codes and the lack of a real interface.  For instance, I accidentally typed "git commit"  without the -a -m and had to manually 
type in my commit message using VIM....  So, yeah, not my favorite, but I have a better understanding of it now.

During the course of this lab, why did we exclude .pyc files?
.pyc files contain byte code to be ready by pythons virtual machine.  So, just like .exe files, it's not healthy to have in a repo.  Also, since it is created
on the fly anyways, there is no real point to having it there.

Name three files which would likely need to have a gitignore added?
.exe
.pyc
.coverage
What is a pyunit TestCase?
To the best that I can figure, the TestCase is used to identify that a function or set of functions are individual tests within pyunit.  So when creating the test functions, each begin with the word test to signify that they are individual tests.


What is the difference between a git cherry pick and a rebase?
I believe the difference is in the amount of commits that will be merged with the chosen location.  With cherry pick, you are picking specific commits, in a dicated order.  With rebase, it will be all commits from one pushed into the other.

How could you use git to print out just the author name of a given file for the current version of the repo?
I imagine that there is a way to access that data using the pre-commit file.  I don't know how that data is stored, so couldn't give the exact functions
or data names, but I am sure there is a way to do it, not to dissimilar from how you can catch whether there is a print command in a python file that's being comitted.

During this lab did you explore Tortoise Git or GIT Extensions? If not take a look at them, they probably would be useful for the remainder of the class
I did not get a chance to look at them, but I will!

Did you find the second issue in get_triangle_type? Did you choose to test the code as is or fix the code in get_triangle_type
I found it and fixed it.  It was a simple fix and made it so that I could learn testing properly.  Although, if it were work related, I would have the developer(assuming it isn't myself) fix it, since it wouldn't be my job.